Support extra build command args (#677)
ansible/ansible-builder: docs/scenario_guides/scenario_secret_passing.rst

.. _secret_passing:

Passing Secrets
===============

> Sometimes it may be useful to use `build secrets <https://docs.docker.com/build/building/secrets/>`_ when
> creating an Execution Environment. This can be done with a combination of the use of :ref:`additional_build_steps`
> within the EE definition file, and the :ref:`extra-build-cli-args` CLI option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating an Execution Environment, it might be useful to use `build secrets <https://docs.docker.com/build/building/secrets/>`_. This can be done with a combination of the use of :ref:`additional_build_steps`
within the EE definition file, and the :ref:`extra-build-cli-args` CLI option.
```

Just rephrase, not a blocker.

Author: Done

> Use the :ref:`extra-build-cli-args` CLI option to pass a build CLI argument that defines the secret:

Reviewer: @Shrews do you think we should a note here saying that - the secrets are passed in plain text and may be recorded in console logs so be careful using this parameter or something along these lines?

Author: Secrets are not being passed in plain text.

Reviewer: Ok. np.
